---
layout: title
posts : Automatic Dependent suveilanceBroadcast.
---




## ADS-B General Information

### Welcome

_What is Automatic Dependent Surveillance–Broadcast (

ADS-B)?_

Simply put, 

ADS-B is the future of air traffic control. It represents a quantum leap in the way our country tracks aircraft and manages the flow of air traffic across our national airspace system.

_How does it work?_

Using data from the global satellite network, 

ADS-B locates aircraft with precision in space and time, and automatically transmits tracking data and more to controllers and to pilots flying aircraft that have been equipped to receive 

ADS-B.

ADS-B targets display in near real time and do not degrade with distance or terrain.

In equipped aircraft, pilots see cockpit displays of air traffic along with important weather and flight information. 

ADS-B traffic, weather, and flight information is provided at no cost to the user.

_Current status and next steps_

ADS-B ground stations are operational now across the nation, broadcasting traffic, weather, and flight information to all appropriately equipped aircraft.

Air traffic control facilities are rapidly being updated for 

ADS-B and, by 2020, all aircraft flying in designated airspace will be required to have avionics that transmit their 

ADS-B location data.

[Current 

ADS-B deployment](http://www.faa.gov/nextgen/programs/adsb/coverageMap/)

_

ADS-B Benefits_

- Air-to-air surveillance capability.
- Surveillance in remote or inhospitable areas with no radar coverage.
- Real-time traffic and aeronautical information in the cockpit.
- Allows reduced separation.
- Greater predictability in departure and arrival times.
- Supports common separation standards, horizontal and vertical, for all classes of airspace.
- Improves ability of airlines to manage traffic and aircraft fleets.
- Improves ability of air traffic controllers to plan arrivals and departures far in advance.
- Allows for tracking of airport ground vehicles. ([ADS-B Vehicle Transmitter Maps](http://www.faa.gov/nextgen/programs/adsb/vehicle_transmitter_maps/))
- Reduces taxpayer costs associated with the air traffic infrastructure.

ADS-B establishes the foundation necessary for many other NextGen advances. In addition, it is a flexible and expandable system that can change with the evolving aviation system. The gains in safety, capacity, and efficiency as a result of moving to a satellite-based system will help our country meet the growth in air traffic in coming decades.

#### 

ADS-B Services Area map
